








Homepage | Advanz Pharmaceutical






























































 



About


Responsibility


Partnering


Investors


News


Careers


Contact





















    Video Hero  Poster
                
                    



Beyond fulfilment
Learn More





ADVANZ PHARMA is a global pharmaceutical company that’s committed to helping patients lead healthier, better lives by enabling patients and healthcare providers to access high-quality niche, established medicines.


We do this by investing in revitalising and innovating niche established medicines that, without our focus, may otherwise not be available.We do it because we want patients to live healthier, better lives by providing healthcare professionals with medicines that help optimise treatment. 




Our Purpose




×

You are leaving the ADVANZ PHARMA site

            If you agree, then please click "YES" to proceed. If you do not wish to be linked to this website, please click "NO" to dismiss this message.
            
YES
NO












Our portfolio —
At ADVANZ PHARMA® we supply over 200 niche generic and established branded medicines in a number of key therapeutic areas – some of which are the fastest growing worldwide.


These include Endocrinology, Ophthalmology, Urology, Anti-Infectives, Pain Management, Central Nervous System disorders and Intensive Care medicines. We have successfully expanded our portfolio through targeted development, product in-licensing and acquisition.











Careers & Culture —
Ours is a people-centric culture, in every sense. We have a product portfolio that’s focused on giving people a better quality of life. And an internal culture that enables our employees to make the most of their lives in work – and out of it.













Responsibility —
ADVANZ PHARMA takes its Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) responsibilities extremely seriously. We have been sponsoring a number of charities for many years and have an active environmental programme.













Our Partnerships —
ADVANZ PHARMA has a long history of collaboration, whether it is working with development companies, acquiring new products or distribution logistics, we work with a multitude of partners across the world.













Investors —
Our goal is clear – to be the leading platform for niche established medicines with advanced commercial capabilities in Western Europe.


We will do this by investing significantly in our portfolio through a combination of pipeline development and acquisition.









Contact Us —


Corporate HeadquartersDirect: +44 (0) 208 588 9100Compliance Hotline:+1 855 562 5982www.advanzpharma.ethicspoint.com





Latest News —













                                                            Press Releases — 14 May 2021
                                                    
ADVANZ PHARMA Corp. Limited Announces First Quarter 2021 Results
Learn more














                                                            Press Releases — 13 Apr 2021
                                                    
ADVANZ PHARMA and Endo Announce Partnership for Paladin Labs to Commercialize Xydalba® (dalbavancin hydrochloride) in Canada
Learn more














                                                            Press Releases — 17 Mar 2021
                                                    
ADVANZ PHARMA Corp. Limited Announces Fourth Quarter and 2020 Results
Learn more














                                                            Industry Related — 29 Jan 2021
                                                    
Today, ADVANZ have announced the acquisition of the rights to Cyclophosphamide from Zenex Pharmaceuticals Pty Ltd (“Zenex”) in Australia.
Learn more














                                                            Press Releases — 27 Jan 2021
                                                    
ADVANZ PHARMA Corp. Limited Announces Agreement Of Terms To Be Acquired By Nordic Capital
Learn more














                                                            Press Releases — 06 Nov 2020
                                                    
ADVANZ PHARMA Corp. Limited Announces Third Quarter 2020 Results
Learn more








×

You are leaving the ADVANZ PHARMA site

            If you agree, then please click "YES" to proceed. If you do not wish to be linked to this website, please click "NO" to dismiss this message.
            
YES
NO









About


Responsibility


Partnering


Investors


News


Careers


Contact






Articles & By-laws


Ethics & Transparency


Modern Slavery Statement


Product Risk Materials






Terms & Conditions


Privacy Policy


Recruitment Scams







                        Follow us on LinkedIn
                    




        Copyright 2021 Advanz Pharmaceutical®. All Rights Reserved
    



×

Formal Sale Process
INFORMATION REGARDING FORMAL SALE PROCESS
ACCESS TO THIS AREA OF THE WEBSITE MAY BE RESTRICTED UNDER SECURITIES LAWS IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. THIS NOTICE REQUIRES YOU TO CONFIRM CERTAIN MATTERS (INCLUDING THAT YOU ARE NOT RESIDENT IN SUCH A JURISDICTION), BEFORE YOU MAY OBTAIN ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION IN THIS AREA OF THE WEBSITE. THESE MATERIALS ARE NOT DIRECTED AT OR TO BE ACCESSED BY PERSONS RESIDENT IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF THAT JURISDICTION OR WOULD RESULT IN A REQUIREMENT TO COMPLY WITH ANY CONSENT OR OTHER FORMALITY WHICH ADVANZ PHARMA CORP. LIMITED REGARDS AS UNDULY ONEROUS.
You are attempting to enter the area of this website that is designated for the publication of documents and information in connection with ADVANZ PHARMA Corp. Limited (“ADVANZ”) formal sale process.
The information contained in this area of this website is being made available in good faith and for information purposes only in compliance with the City Code on Takeovers and Mergers and is subject to the terms and conditions set out below. In particular, the information contained in this area of this website does not constitute an offer to sell or otherwise dispose of or any invitation or solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.
Access to the Website
If you would like to view this area of the website, please read this notice carefully. This notice applies to all persons who view this area of the website and, depending on where you are located, may affect your rights or responsibilities. ADVANZ reserves the right to amend or update this notice at any time and you should, therefore, read it in full each time you visit this area of the website. In addition, the contents of this area of the website may be amended at any time in whole or in part at the sole discretion of ADVANZ.
Overseas Persons
As a consequence of legal restrictions, the release, publication or distribution of information contained in this area of the website in certain jurisdictions or to certain persons may be restricted or unlawful. All persons resident or located outside the United Kingdom who wish to view this area of the website must first satisfy themselves that they are not subject to any local requirements that prohibit or restrict them from doing so and should inform themselves of, and observe, any applicable legal or regulatory requirements applicable in their jurisdiction. If you are resident or located in a country that renders the accessing of this area of the website or parts thereof illegal, whether or not subject to making certain notifications or taking other action, you should not view this area of the website.
It is your responsibility to satisfy yourself as to the full observance of any relevant laws and regulatory requirements. If you are in any doubt, you should not continue to seek to access this area of the website.
You should not forward, transmit or show the announcements, information or documents contained in this area of the website to any person. In particular, you should not forward or transmit the announcements, information or documents contained in this area of the website to any jurisdiction where it would be unlawful to do so.
Forward Looking Statements
This area of the website contains “forward-looking statements”. These statements are based on the current expectations of the management of ADVANZ and are naturally subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances.
Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements typically containing words such as “intend”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “target”, “estimate”, “plan”, “strategy”, “will”, “should”, “may”, “goal”, “seek”, “believe”, “predict”, “continue”, “future”, “could”, “can” and words of similar import. These forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in economic conditions, changes in the level of capital investment, success of business and operating initiatives and restructuring objectives, costs associated with research and development, changes in the prospects for products in the research and development pipeline of ADVANZ, customers’ strategies and stability, changes in the regulatory environment, fluctuations of interest and exchange rates, the outcome of litigation, government actions and natural phenomena such as floods, earthquakes and hurricanes. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. ADVANZ does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent legally required.
Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Neither ADVANZ nor any of its affiliated companies undertakes any obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent legally required.
Responsibility
In relation to any document, announcement or information contained in this area of the website, the only responsibility accepted by the directors of ADVANZ (the “Responsible Persons”) is for the correctness and fairness of its reproduction or presentation, unless the responsibility statement in any relevant document expressly provides otherwise.
None of the Responsible Persons, ADVANZ or its affiliated companies have reviewed and none of them is responsible for, or accepts any liability in respect of, any information on any other website that may be linked to this website by a third party.
The documents included in this area of the website speak only at the specified date of the relevant document and neither ADVANZ nor any of its affiliated companies has or accepts any responsibility or duty to update such documents (other than to the extent such duty arises as a matter of law).
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this area of the website or the action you should take, you should seek your own financial advice from an independent financial adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or, if you are located outside the United Kingdom, from an appropriately authorised independent financial adviser.
THE DOCUMENTS IN THIS AREA OF THE WEBSITE MAY NOT BE DOWNLOADED, FORWARDED, TRANSMITTED OR SHARED WITH ANY OTHER PERSON EITHER IN WHOLE OR IN PART WHERE TO DO SO WOULD OR MAY CONSTITUTE A BREACH OF ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAWS OR REGULATIONS.
Electronic versions of these materials are not directed at or accessible by persons resident in any jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction.
This notice shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, English law.
Confirmation of Understanding and Acceptance of Disclaimer. If you do not click “I AGREE” below you will not be permitted access to this area of the website.
I certify that I am not (nor do I act on behalf of someone who is) resident in any country that renders the accessing of this area of the website or parts thereof illegal.I agree that I will not forward, transfer or distribute (by any means including by electronic transmission) any documents included in this area of the website either in whole or in part to any person in any jurisdiction where such distribution may be restricted by applicable law or regulation.I represent and warrant to ADVANZ that I intend to access this area of the website for information purposes only, that I have read and understood this notice and that I understand that it may affect my rights or responsibilities.I agree to be bound by the terms of this notice.
I don't agree
I agree














