





Crew Energy Inc.
























Skip to Menu
Skip to Content















 Menu
			




About CrewStrategy
Board of Directors
Management Team
Corporate GovernanceGovernance Policies & Documents


OperationsMontney Resource
Core Operating AreasMontney
Lloydminster

Reserves

InvestorsStock Information
Presentations & Events
Financial Reports
Shareholder Meetings
Analyst Coverage
Hedging
Tax Information

News ReleasesSubscribe to News

CareersCrew Culture
Current Opportunities
Summer Students

ResponsibilityHealth & Safety
Environment
Community Investment
ESTMA




 






Responsibility
We have a strong commitment to conducting our business and operations in a socially, environmentally and fiscally responsible manner

 



About Crew
We are a growth-oriented oil and natural gas producer, focused in the Montney resource play in northeast British Columbia.

 



Operations
Our activities are concentrated in the Montney resource play in northeast British Columbia, which offers light oil, liquids-rich natural gas and dry gas development.  

 



Investors
We focus on per share growth in production, reserves and funds flow through the development of our large and attractive Montney asset base.

 



Footer Links

 



Careers
We are an exciting, growth-oriented oil and gas company who has realized continued success due to our attractive asset base and industry-leading team.  

 



































BUILDING OUR FUTURE IN THE MONTNEY
Crew is a dynamic, growth-oriented exploration and production company, focused on increasing our long-term production, reserves and cash flow through the development of our world-class Montney resource.

CORPORATE PRESENTATION

May, 2021





TSX: CR





more info 















News



 Crew Energy Inc. Announces Update on COVID-19 Measures for Its Annual General and Special Meeting of Shareholders and Reaffirms Board Nominees 
 May 10th, 2021  

 Crew Energy Inc. Announces First Quarter 2021 Financial and Operating Results Highlighted by a 174% Increase in Adjusted Funds Flow 
 May 6th, 2021  

 Crew Energy Inc. Announces 2020 Financial Results and Provides Operations Update Highlighted by Significant Progress on Asset Development Plan 
 March 11th, 2021  



  View all News Releases  Subscribe to News








 








Learn about our operations in...



The Montney





 The Company is focused on the development and expansion of its oil and natural gas assets, particularly its large undeveloped land base located in the Montney resource... Learn more   











Quick Links



You can get the most recent corporate updates on Crew Energy by viewing our latest corporate presentation, financial reports and news releases.









 

Q1 2021 Report
 


  

 

Corporate Presentation
May 2021 


  





 
2021 Upcoming Events


  

 









Glossary






Abbreviations






  
 AECO 
 the natural gas storage facility located at Suffield, Alberta.
 

 API 
 American Petroleum Institute
 

 °API 
 an indication of the specific gravity of crude oil measured on the API gravity scale.
 

 Bbl 
 barrel
 

 bbl/d 
 barrels per day
 

 Bcf 
 billion cubic feet
 

 BOE or boe 
 barrel of oil equivalent on the basis of 6 Mcf/BOE for natural gas and 1 bbl/BOE for crude oil and natural gas liquids
 

 BOPD 
 barrels of oil per day
 

 CSA 
 Canadian Securities Administrators
 

 DPIIP 
 Discovered Petroleum Initially In Place
 

 Gj 
 Gigajoule
 

 M$ 
 thousands of dollars
 

 m3 
 cubic metres
 

 Mbbl 
 thousand barrels
 

 Mboe 
 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent
 

 Mcf 
 thousand cubic feet
 

 Mcf/d 
 thousand cubic feet per day
 

 Mmbbl 
 million barrels
 

 Mmbtu 
 million British Thermal Units
 

 Mmcf 
 million cubic feet
 

 Mmcf/d 
 million cubic feet per day
 

 NGLs or ngls 
 natural gas liquids
 

 Tcf 
 trillion cubic feet
 

 TCFE 
 trillion cubic feet equivalent
 

 TPIIP 
 Total Petroleum Initially in Place
 

 UPIIP 
 Undiscovered Petroleum Initially In Place
 

 WTI 
 West Texas Intermediate, the reference price paid in U.S. dollars at Cushing, Oklahoma for crude oil of standard grade
 
 






Definitions






  
 Contingent Resources 
 Contingent Resources are those quantities of petroleum which are estimated, on a given date, to be potentially recoverable from known accumulations, but which are not currently considered to be commercially recoverable... Read more 
 Contingent Resources are those quantities of petroleum which are estimated, on a given date, to be potentially recoverable from known accumulations, but which are not currently considered to be commercially recoverable.  It is recognized that some ambiguity may exist between the definitions of contingent resources and unproved reserves. This is a reflection of variations in current industry practice. It is recommended that if the degree of commitment is not such that the accumulation is expected to be developed and placed on production within a reasonable timeframe, the estimated recoverable volumes for the accumulation be classified as contingent resources. Contingent Resources may include, for example, accumulations for which there is currently no viable market, or where commercial recovery is dependent on the development of new technology, or where evaluation of the accumulation is still at an early stage.
 

 Discovered-Petroleum-Initially-In-Place (DPIIP) 
 Discovered Petroleum-Initially-In-Place (DPIIP) is that quantity of petroleum which is estimated, on a given date, to be contained in known accumulations, plus those quantities already produced therefrom. DPIIP may be... Read more 
 Discovered Petroleum-Initially-In-Place (DPIIP) is that quantity of petroleum which is estimated, on a given date, to be contained in known accumulations, plus those quantities already produced therefrom. DPIIP may be subdivided into Commercial and Sub-commercial categories, with the estimated potentially recoverable portion being classified as Reserves and Contingent Resources respectively, as defined elsewhere in this Glossary.  
 

 Gross or gross 
 Relating to production / reserves:  Crew’s working interest (operating and non-operating) share before deduction of royalties and without including any royalty interestRelating to wells:  the total number of wells in... Read more 
 Relating to production / reserves:  Crew’s working interest (operating and non-operating) share before deduction of royalties and without including any royalty interestRelating to wells:  the total number of wells in which Crew has an interestRelating to properties:  the total area of properties in which the Corporation has an interest
 

 Net or net 
 Relating to production / reserves: Crew’s working interest (operating and non-operating) share after deduction of royalty obligations, plus Crew’s royalty interests in production or reservesRelating to wells: the number... Read more 
 Relating to production / reserves: Crew’s working interest (operating and non-operating) share after deduction of royalty obligations, plus Crew’s royalty interests in production or reservesRelating to wells: the number of wells obtained by aggregating Crew’s working interest in each of its gross wellsRelating to properties: the total area in which Crew has an interest multiplied by the working interest owned by Crew
 

 NI 51-101 
 National Instrument 51-101 Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities. 
 National Instrument 51-101 Standards of Disclosure for Oil and Gas Activities.
 

 Operating Netback 
 A measure of oil and gas sales net of royalties, production and transportation expenses. This is a non-GAAP measure used specifically in the oil and gas industry as a benchmark to compare performance between different... Read more 
 A measure of oil and gas sales net of royalties, production and transportation expenses. This is a non-GAAP measure used specifically in the oil and gas industry as a benchmark to compare performance between different areas of operations and different peer companies.
 

 Prospective Resource 
 Prospective Resources are those quantities of petroleum which are estimated, on a given date, to be potentially recoverable from undiscovered accumulations. 
 Prospective Resources are those quantities of petroleum which are estimated, on a given date, to be potentially recoverable from undiscovered accumulations.
 

 Total-Petroleum-Initially-In-Place (TPIIP) 
 Total Petroleum-initially-in-place (TPIIP) is that quantity of petroleum which is estimated to exist originally in naturally occurring accumulations. TPIIP is that quantity of petroleum which is estimated, on a given... Read more 
 Total Petroleum-initially-in-place (TPIIP) is that quantity of petroleum which is estimated to exist originally in naturally occurring accumulations. TPIIP is that quantity of petroleum which is estimated, on a given date, to be contained in known accumulations, plus quantities already produced therefrom, plus estimated quantities in accumulations yet to be discovered. TPIIP may be subdivided into Discovered Petroleum-initially-in place and Undiscovered Petroleum-initially-in-place, with Discovered Petroleum-initially-in-place being limited to known accumulations.  It is recognized that all Petroleum-initially-in-place quantities may constitute potentially recoverable resources since the estimation of the proportion which may be recoverable can be subject to significant uncertainty and will change with variations in commercial circumstances, technological developments and data availability. A portion of those quantities classified as Unrecoverable may become recoverable resources in the future as commercial circumstances change, technological developments occur, or additional data are acquired.
 

 Undiscovered Petroleum-Initially-In-Place (UPIIP) 
 Undiscovered Petroleum-initially-in-place (UPIIP) is that quantity of petroleum which is estimated, on a given date, to be contained in accumulations yet to be discovered. The estimated potentially recoverable portion... Read more 
 Undiscovered Petroleum-initially-in-place (UPIIP) is that quantity of petroleum which is estimated, on a given date, to be contained in accumulations yet to be discovered. The estimated potentially recoverable portion of UPIIP is classified as Prospective Resources, as defined elsewhere in this Glossary.
 
 















Contact
Corporate Governance
Sitemap
Terms of Use
Advisories





Web Design and Development by Upanup





			© 2021 Crew Energy Inc.       Address: Suite 800, 250 - 5th Street SW, Calgary, Alberta T2P 0R4     Telephone: (403) 266-2088     Fax: (403) 266-6259
		

			British Columbia 24 Hour Emergency Number – 1-866-384-6240 Heavy Oil (Alberta/Sask.) 24 Hour Emergency Number – 1-780-872-5432














