>

"class="no-js iem7"> 
>

" class="no-js ie6"> 
>

" class="no-js ie7"> 
>

" class="no-js ie8"> 




Home | Frontera Energy
















































 


















 English


 Español




















About Us 

About Frontera Energy
Leadership
Corporate Governance
Global Presence
Alliances


Corporate Responsibility 

Sustainability
Sustainability Reports
Estma Report


Ethics & Compliance 

Purpose & Values
Declaration of Ethics & Compliance
Ethics Committee Information
Code of Business Conduct & Ethics Manual
Protection of Personal Data
Ethics Hotline


Investors 

Regulatory Filings
Reports & Presentations
Annual General Meeting
Analysts Center
Dividends
Guyana Regional Map
Analyst Coverage
FAQs General Information


News
Contact Us
 

















Frontera Energy, taking a step forward






2021 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS

 Wednesday, May 19, 2021, at 10:00 a.m. EDT






This year, due to ongoing public health restrictions to manage the spread of COVID-19 and current restrictions on large public gatherings, the Meeting will be conducted in a virtual-only format via live audio webcast at https://web.lumiagm.com/211635922. The live audio webcast will allow Shareholders to have an equal opportunity to participate at the Meeting regardless of their geographic location or particular circumstances they may be facing as a result of COVID-19. Shareholders will not be able to attend the Meeting in person.



Read More



NEWS
 
 






Frontera Maintains Production Outlook
Frontera Announces First Quarter 2021 Results
Frontera and CGX Announce $19 Million Loan Agreement
Procuraduría General de la Nación delivers favorable opinion on conciliation agreement between Frontera, CENIT and Bicentenario



Read More



ABOUT FRONTERA
 
 






Frontera Energy Corp. is a Canadian public company dedicated to exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas with operations focused in the North Andean region. The Company is committed to working hand in hand with all its stakeholders to conduct business in a socially and environmentally responsible manner.



Read More




IMPORTANT NOTICE: NON AUTHORIZED INTERMEDIARIES OR AGENTS
Please be advised that unauthorized individuals are fraudulently using Frontera’s name and trademark to carry out oil & gas negotiations with third parties. Frontera does not use intermediaries or agents in its negotiations, nor has it authorized any third party to approach clients or suppliers on Frontera´s behalf to establish business relationships. Any official communication from Frontera will be directly from Company personnel and Frontera’s email domain (fronteraenergy.ca). For questions and concerns, please contact us.




STATEMENT: APPLICATION AND INTERVIEW FORM
False and unauthorized online employment application forms and offers are circulating on the Internet. These invite applicants to share personal and private information that is not in accordance with Canadian labour employment laws. As a company and brand owner, Frontera does not and would never knowingly support this process of recruitment, nor any outlet or individual involved in this type of activity. It is against the company and brand rules – and more importantly, against company’s ethics and values. Since this matter was brought to the attention of Frontera, the company have sought out the source of the documents and have reported the email address to its hosting service. The company will continue to monitor the internet for any new instances of this document and request that it be removed immediately.
Please also note that any official communications with Frontera Energy employees will come from the fronteraenergy.ca domain name.











Glossary
Job opportunities
Need to report an ethical issue?
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
















 







			×            

































