

	Golden Star - Home





































Toggle navigation
















Contact Us
Email Alerts











About Us
About UsWho We AreHistoryManagement TeamBoard of DirectorsCorporate Governance
Corporate GovernanceCommittees
Photo Gallery
Operations
OperationsWassa
Wassa
ExplorationReserves and Resources
Investors
InvestorsShare Price PerformanceCapital StructureNewsFinancialsNotice & AccessWebcasts & PresentationsTechnical ReportsAnalyst CoverageRegulatory FilingsFinancial & Operational Database
Responsibility
ResponsibilityCommunityCommunity InitiativesHealth & SafetyEnvironment
Fact Sheets Air MonitoringFact Sheets Land
Giants of AfricaBlogTransparency
Fact Sheets
SDGHuman RightsCOVID-19
Careers
CareersCurrent OpportunitiesInternships


























Thumb
Download
Description





View More
Peter Spora Memorial Website








View More
2019 Corporate Responsibility Report









View More
COVID-19 Management Controls








View More
Established mid-tier gold producer with 4 million ounce production history









View More
Focused on cash flow generation








View More
Strong exploration upside potential through large land package in Ghana









View More
Experienced management team with strong operational discipline








View More
Committed to being a responsible corporate citizen














Golden Star is an established gold mining company operating the Wassa mine on the prolific Ashanti Gold Belt in Ghana. As the winner of the PDAC 2018 Environmental and Social Responsibility Award, Golden Star is committed to leaving a positive and sustainable legacy in its areas of operation.
Learn More


Normal








News


05.06.2021
Golden Star Announces Results of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders

More




05.05.2021
Golden Star Resources Reports Results for the First Quarter 2021

More




04.30.2021
Golden Star Publishes 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report with Enhanced Disclosures

More




















Events

















Home
 | 
Legal
 | 
Site Map
 | 
Contact Us
 | 
Subscribe










Please note that you are now entering a website directly or indirectly maintained by a third party (the "External Site") and that you do so at your own risk.
Neither Golden Star Resources Ltd. nor its affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors or agents (collectively, “Golden Star” or the “Company”) have any control over (a) the External Site or any linked websites accessible through any External Site, or (b) any data or other content contained, or accessible, therein or in or through any such linked websites. The link to the External Site is provided for convenience purposes only. The information and other content on the External Site is not meant to modify, qualify, supplement or amend information disclosed by or on behalf of the Company under corporate, securities or other legislation in any jurisdiction, and should not be used to make investment decisions involving the Company’s securities.
By clicking “Accept” below you acknowledge and agree that neither Golden Star nor the third party provider of the External Site, Virtua Research, Inc. (“Virtua”), is responsible, or accepts or assumes any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, the content, the data contained in or accessible on or through, or the technical operation of the External Site. Golden Star and Virtua are not liable to you for, and take no responsibility for, third party pricing data provided for informational purposes and certain ratio results formulated from the provided third party pricing data.  Further, by entering the External Site, you also acknowledge and agree that you completely and irrevocably forever waive, and release Golden Star from, any and all rights and claims against Golden Star and Virtua and further acknowledge and agree that in no event shall Golden Star or Virtua, its officers, employees, directors and agents be liable for any (i) direct or indirect, consequential, incidental, special, compensatory, punitive or other damages, (ii) damages for loss of income, loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of data or business information, loss of or damage to property, (iii) claims of third parties, or (iv) other pecuniary loss, arising out of or related to this disclaimer or the External Site or any linked websites.
By entering the External Site, you further acknowledge and agree that the disclaimer of warranties and limitations of liability set out in this disclaimer shall apply regardless of the causes, circumstances or form of action giving rise to the loss, damage, claim or liability, even if such loss, damage, claim or liability is based upon breach of contract (including, without limitation, a claim of fundamental breach or breach of a fundamental term), tort (including, without limitation, negligence), strict liability or any other legal or equitable theory, and even if Golden Star and Virtua are advised of the possibility of the loss, damage, claim or liability. The waiver and release specifically includes, without limitation, any and all rights and claims pertaining to the processing of personal data, including but not limited to any rights under any applicable data protection statute(s). 

If in any jurisdiction, any part of this disclaimer is determined to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such part of this disclaimer shall be restricted or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary to comply with such determination and the remaining disclaimer shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.

Please note the information presented is given as at the date and the time of its original release. Changes in such historical information may occur due to adjustments in accounting and reporting standards & procedures. 
Non-GAAP Information
Golden Star also uses certain non-International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) financial measures as defined in applicable Canadian and United States securities laws ("non-GAAP measures"), including the terms “cash operating cost per ounce”, “all-in sustaining costs”, “cash generated from operations before working capital changes”, “adjusted net (loss)/income attributable to Golden Star shareholders and “adjusted net (loss)/income per share attributable to Golden Star shareholders”.  Golden Star believes that these measures are similar to the measures of other gold mining companies, but may not be comparable to similarly titled measures in every instance. In addition, changes in numerous factors including, but not limited to, Golden Star’s share price, risk free interest rates, gold prices, mining rates, milling rates, ore grade, gold recovery, costs of labor, consumables and mine site general and administrative activities can cause these measures to increase or decrease.
Golden Star believes these measures are useful non-GAAP operating measures and supplement the IFRS disclosures made by the Company. These non-GAAP measures are not representative of all of Golden Star's cash expenditures and there are material limitations associated with the use of such non-GAAP measures. Since these non-GAAP measures do not incorporate all non-cash expense and income items, changes in working capital and non-operating cash costs, they are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under IFRS. 
The non-GAAP information is not prepared in accordance with IFRS and may not be comparable to non-GAAP information used by other companies. The non-GAAP information should not be viewed in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, other data prepared in accordance with IFRS.  For an explanation of the Non-GAAP financial measures used by the Company, please refer to the heading “Non-GAAP Financial Measures” in the Company’s Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the Three Months ended March 31, 2014 and the Company’s Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2013, available at www.sedar.com.

Decline
Accept









Connect with us





 ©   Golden Star |   All Rights Reserved 






Powered By Q4 Inc. 5.56.0.1
















