 


MediPharm Labs : Canadian Cannabis Extraction Services




































A Trusted Global Leader in Purified Cannabis Concentrates

This website contains information about cannabis. Please enter your birthday to confirm that you are of the legal age to consume cannabis in your province.





Birthday

Birth Day



Birth Month



Birth Year






Remember me for 30 days. I confirm that this is not a shared device.



VERIFY
INVESTORS
















































        About Us            

Our Pharma Quality Standards
About Us
Management Team
Board of Directors
Science Advisory Committee
Strategic Alliances
Science of Extraction
COVID-19
Virtual Tour



        Products & Services            

White Label Production
Bulk Wholesale Offerings
MediPharm Brand
LABS Cannabis
Wayfarer



        News            

Press Releases
Blog
Events
In The News



        Investors            

Overview
News / Events
Company Information
Stock Data
Financial Results
SEDAR
Corporate Governance



        Contact            

Contact Us
Careers
Customer Service



        Australia            


        Search                 

 









A Global Leader in Pharma-Quality, Cannabinoid-Based Products










Our Promise: Pharma-Quality Cannabis Products
MediPharm Labs, a contract and development and manufacturing company, brings a pharmaceutical perspective to the cannabis industry; working to internationally recognized pharma-quality standards, our cannabis products that are PURE, TRUSTED and PRECISELY DOSABLE for patients and end consumers. 






Our Products & Services









Bulk Offerings Learn More








White-Label Production Cannabis Distillates & Cannabinoid Isolates Learn More








MediPharm Labs CBD Learn More








Wayfarer Learn More








Labs Cannabis Learn More














Latest News

May 17, 2021
MediPharm Reports First Quarter 2021 Results, Provides Strategic Update


View Press Release
All News





Media Spotlight






                                                    Understanding Cannabinoids                                                    


View All




Blog


 

Nov 19, 2020

                                The Bioavailability of Cannabis Explained.                            


View All Blog Posts





Email Alerts
Stay informed and receive company updates straight to your inbox
Sign up today







Pharmaceutical Standards & Quality

MediPharm Labs’ state-of-the-art cannabis extraction facility is Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) Certified and designed with ISO standard cleanrooms and critical environments.
Our strict manufacturing standards result in pharma-quality cannabis API and derivative products for patients and consumers that are pure, trusted and precisely dosable for patients and end consumers. 







 MediPharm Labs Corporate Video

Watch Now

 















Leadership


Management Team
MediPharm Labs is built on the foundation of a strong executive team, with professionals from complementary industries that include global pharmaceuticals, healthcare, consumer packaged goods, and biotechnology manufacturing.
Collaboration


Board of Directors
The Board of Directors of MediPharm Labs Corp. is fully committed to our stakeholders and shareholders, providing oversight, governance and leadership to provide stability and growth over the long term.
Integrity


Science Advisory Committee
The Committee’s mandate is to advise and assist MediPharm Labs in harnessing the potential of cannabis through innovation, best practices, thought leadership and strategic alliances.
Innovation













© 2021 MediPharm Labs Corp. All Rights Reserved.





    		    151 John St.                                        		Barrie, ON                L4N 2L1                Canada                +1 705 719 7425    	    

Privacy Policy
Careers
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Sitemap








