





SECURE ENERGY











































Emergency Response   CAN 1 877 518 4321   USA 1 844 643 6034





























About

Leadership
Governance

Operations

Facility Locations

Solutions
Sustainability

Environment and Regulatory
Health and Safety
Community Investment
Stakeholder Engagement
Governance
Reports

Invest

Financial Reporting
Events and Presentations
Shareholder Information
ESG
Analyst Coverage
SECURE & Tervita Merger
News Room

Careers

Job Opportunities
Rewards and Benefits
Student Opportunities

Our Stories
Contact






























































Discover our 2020 Sustainability Report
Delivering on our sustainability commitments  for the benefit of all stakeholders.







































SECURE is Doing Midstream Differently.
Headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, our mission and purpose is to help our customers by challenging what's possible to move energy forward, so people and communities thrive. Building on our dedication to customers, we deliver solutions and are truly Doing Midstream Differently by:

Our commitment to customer service
Reducing costs and emissions while maximizing the amount of oil and water we handle for our customers
Utilizing our network of midstream infrastructure across western Canada and the U.S.
Providing crude by rail oil transport for access to higher priced markets

Our changing industry requires fresh thinking for business to be done differently. We are a trusted ally focused on our customers' success. One with an extensive network of locations and:

A unique blend of midstream infrastructure, environmental and technical solutions
Midstream marketing services
Targeted midstream partnerships
48 strategically located midstream facilities

We work transparently with customers to identify opportunities where we can provide innovative solutions that help them achieve their goals. Take a closer look and find out more about us. We are Doing Midstream Differently.







 
SES Quotes by TradingView










 


































Wherever You Need Us





Delivering fluid and solid solutions at our 48 best-in-class midstream facilities.





Find a Facility 


























Our Operations





Offering midstream infrastructure and commercial and transportation solutions across western Canada and the U.S. 





We Can Help 


























SECURE and Tervita Announce Transaction





Together, they will create a stronger midstream infrastructure and environmental solutions business.





Stay Up-to-Date 



































































Our Stories
Learn more about our employees, our projects and the communities where we live and work.







































We operate safely and responsibly.
Everyone goes home safe everyday. Health and Safety is rooted in our culture. Guided by our Health and Safety policy (PDF) we have clearly communicated expectations, a robust health and safety management system and are regulatory compliant. All of which translates to measurable safety results year-over-year. 
We work together and communicate openly to create a culture of safety in everything we do.
SECURE is guided by principles of sustainability and responsible development. We understand the factors that define success and work with you to reach them. We are proud of our expertise in environmental and regulatory compliance and work with our customers on innovative solutions that minimize impact. We are mindful of damaging or limiting environmental prospects.







































H2 Heading
This is an optional section. Toggle the "Show this body section?" option to hide or show this area on the live site.









































CorporateHead Office
Brookfield Place2300, 225 6 Ave SWCalgary, AB T2P 1N2
1 (403) 984 610024 HR Emergency Line 1 (877) 518 4321









Explore









About
Operations
Solutions
Sustainability
Invest
Careers
Contact
SDS Library
Vendors 
Employee Login











News











































































Copyright © .  All rights reserved.




Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
































k-icon













































