 




















Home | Nutrien


















Your browser is no longer supported
To get the best experience with our website, we suggest using a newer version of Internet Explorer/Edge, or using another supported browser such as Google Chrome.











Nutrien

Nutrien Ag Solutions - Retail
 

















Quotes delayed



Secondary Menu


Resources

Locations

Contact
 

Open Search







Close Search Modal

Search Nutrien


Search


Search






Main navigation


What We Do


Overview

Purpose

Our Business

Leadership

Governance

Stories
 

Careers


Grow with Nutrien

Job Postings

Representative Workforce

Recruitment Fraud Alert
 

Investors


Overview

Reasons to Invest

Financial Reporting

Shareholder Information

Events & Presentations

News Releases

Interactive Data Tool

Investor Alerts

Notice and Access 
 

Customers


Overview

Products & SDS

Premium Technologies

Customer Resources

Customer Experience
 

Suppliers


Overview

Supplier Resources

MCi Track

SAP ARIBA

Supplier Diversity
 

Sustainability


Overview

Strategy

Environment

Social

Governance 

Community Investment

ESG Portal

Reports

Carbon Program
 
 








Nutrien

Nutrien Ag Solutions - Retail
 









 













Decorative silent looping banner video


			Feeding the Future
	






Transforming Agriculture By the year 2030, we aim to make key transformations through ambitious commitments that drive systemic change and lead the next wave of agricultural evolution.
Read our plan















Nutrien's Annual Meeting of Shareholders Nutrien's annual meeting of shareholders will be held virtually on Monday, May 17, 2021 at 5:30 p.m. (Eastern time).

Join us










2021 Q1 Earnings Conference Call Replay Members of Nutrien’s Senior Leadership Team reviewed our 2021 Q1 results on May 4, and the replay is now available.

Watch the replay










Innovative technology helps keep essential workers safe Proximity monitoring and automated contact tracing from Triax helps mitigate the spread of COVID-19 at 20 Nutrien sites.

Learn More










Keeping communities healthy during the pandemic Nutrien has provided US$2 million to help provide food solutions in five countries this year.

Learn More









At Nutrien, our purpose is to grow our world from the ground up. As the world’s largest provider of crop inputs, services and solutions, Nutrien plays a critical role in feeding the future by helping growers to increase food production in a sustainable manner. We’re moving the agriculture industry and the world forward – today and for generations to come. 
Learn about our purpose






2021 ESG Report Nutrien’s 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report highlights our priority ESG risks and opportunities. This report also includes new targets to drive performance improvement and value creation.
Download





Recent News 


                May 18, 2021
    Nutrien Announces Results of 2021 Annual MeetingRead More
                May 17, 2021
    Nutrien Declares Quarterly Dividend of US$0.46 per ShareRead More
                May 14, 2021
    Nutrien’s CEO Mayo Schmidt to Speak at the BMO 16th Annual Farm to Market ConferenceRead MorePreviousNext





View all News Releases














Careers Be part of a company dedicated to creating inclusive workplaces.

Explore Opportunities










Investors Well positioned to deliver long-term value for shareholders.

View Investor Information










Customers Rely on Nutrien for crop inputs and insight from our experts.

View Customer Resources


















Suppliers Partner with Nutrien to build long-term sustainable 
value.

Become a Supplier










Sustainability Providing solutions for a growing world and transforming agriculture with priority commitments.

View Our Strategy
View ESG Portal












With over 23,000 employees – and operations and investments in 13 countries – Nutrien’s crop inputs and services reach every major growing region of the world.
NORTH AMERICA / SOUTH AMERICA / EUROPE / ASIA / AFRICA / AUSTRALIA
View Our Locations













© Nutrien Ltd. 2021


Footer


Site Map

Legal Notice

Privacy
 







Facebook





Linkedin





Twitter





Instagram





Youtube



















