 


Oncolytics Biotech, Inc. (ONCY)

















































Home

About

Our Company
Management Team
Board of Directors

 
Technology

What is Pelareorep?
What Does Pelareorep Do?
Delivery
Intellectual Property
Posters & Publications
Manufacturing

 
Clinical Trials

Clinical Development Plan
Collaborators
Pipeline

 
Media

Press Releases
Insights

 
Investors

Overview
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Stock Information
Filings & Financials
Corporate Governance
FAQs
Email Alerts
IR Contacts

 
Contact
 
Careers
 









Innately Adaptive™
Oncolytics Biotech Inc. is developing pelareorep, a safe and well-tolerated intravenously delivered immuno-oncolytic virus (IOV) that kills cancer through a unique mechanism of action with two components, selective tumor lysis and activation of the innate and adaptive immune systems, creating an inflamed phenotype to treat a variety of solid tumors and hematological malignancies.










Corporate Presentation





An Introduction to Pelareorep and Immunotherapy







Latest News May 13, 2021
Oncolytics Biotech® to Participate in Virtual Fireside Chat at the 2021 RBC Capital Markets Global Healthcare Conference
May 10, 2021
Oncolytics Biotech® Announces Voting Results from the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
May 7, 2021
Oncolytics Biotech® Reports 2021 First Quarter Development Highlights and Financial Results
View All News












Our Focus: Immunotherapy Combinations
Oncolytics is currently focused on immunotherapy combinations, including our studies with Bavencio®, Keytruda®, Opdivo®, Tecentriq®, and Retifanlimab.
Cancers grow in our bodies because our immune systems do not recognize these tumors as foreign or as a threat. They do this by applying the brakes to our immune systems – notably T cells – through receptors called checkpoints. Immunotherapies, including checkpoint inhibitors, help our immune systems to recognize and kill cancer. Instead of attacking the tumor directly, checkpoint inhibitors work to prevent tumors from suppressing our immune systems. For some patients the effects are profound, but as low as 1-in-5 patients will respond to checkpoint blockade depending on the indication.  Responses are limited by when tumors do not have the key elements required for checkpoint blockade:

The presence of T cells
An inflamed tumor
Expression of checkpoints

Pelareorep has demonstrated the ability to create this tumor environment and conditions the tumor for multiple treatment combinations including checkpoint inhibitors and potentially other immuno-oncology drugs.  Pelareorep creates a new army of tumor-reactive T cells, causes these cells to infiltrate the tumor through an inflammatory process, and promotes the overexpression of checkpoints, including PD-1/PD-L1. By priming the immune system before checkpoint blockade, we believe we can increase the percentage of patients who respond to checkpoint inhibitors and open up new indications where checkpoint blockade has been ineffective to date. This vast opportunity underlines the importance of our collaborations with Merck, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Roche, Incyte, and the Pfizer/Merck KGaA alliance in a variety of solid and hematological tumor targets. 









			© 2021 Oncolytics Biotech, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
		

Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap















