










Almonty Industries - Leaders In Tungsten

























































































Tungsten

History
Properties and Uses
Demand and Pricing
Mining and Production


Projects

Los Santos Mine
Almonty Korea Tungsten
Panasqueira Mine
Almonty Korea Moly
Valtreixal Project


Company

About Almonty
Leadership
Corporate Governance
Company Videos


Investors

Investor Presentation
Fact Sheet
News Releases
Technical Report
Stock Quote and Chart
Financials
AGM of Shareholders
Woulfe MIC
ESTMA Reports


Contact



 


Select Page


  
 



 



 














The Road & River Diversion Program is Underway at the Sangdong Mine Project in Korea
by Almonty Industries | 21 May | Korea Tungsten, News ReleaseThe official execution and commencement of the road and river diversion project has begun at the Sangdong Mine site in Korea. Monthly meetings are now being conducted with local residents in order to provide updates on what is happening at the site, and to take any questions/comments they may have.
read more
 


Almonty Announces the Filing of its Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and MD&A for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2021
by Almonty Industries | 17 May | Financials, Investment Information, News ReleaseAlmonty Industries today announced the filing of its unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements and management’s discussion & analysis (“MD&A”) for the three months ended March 31, 2021.
read more
 


Almonty expands their Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) program, signing an MOU with Seoul National University to foster local mining talent.
by Almonty Industries | 7 May | Investment Information, Korea Tungsten, News ReleaseAlmonty expands their Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) program, signing a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Seoul National University to foster local mining talent via an industry-academic cooperation program, field training, information exchanges and technology exchange.
read more
 


Almonty Provides an Operational Update for its Sangdong Tungsten And Moly Mines
by Almonty Industries | 26 Apr | Korea Tungsten, News ReleaseThe concrete batch plant is now completed. This plant will provide service to all underground mine development and to the surface construction, and the renovation of the administration office in the town of Sangdong is completed. 
read more
 


Almonty Industries Announces it now has Cash in Hand & Binding Commitments from Existing Shareholders & Insiders of $9,590,000. Almonty also Announces the Prospectus for Admission to the ASX is Nearing Completion
by Almonty Industries | 20 Apr | Investment Information, News ReleaseAlmonty Industries Inc. is pleased to announce it has closed 2 previously anticipated private placements and secured binding commitments from existing shareholders and insiders on a convertible debenture.
read more
 


Lewis Black And The Plansee Group Conclude Share Sale/Purchase Prior to KfW IPEX Bank Financial Close for the Construction of the Sangdong Tungsten Mine
by Almonty Industries | 20 Apr | Financials, Korea Tungsten, News ReleaseThe Plansee group has concluded the agreement to purchase 10,587,056 shares at $1.06 from President and CEO – Lewis Black as part of the previously contemplated transaction announced in December 2020. 
read more
 


Almonty Industries Announces that the Maturity Dates of Long-term Debt Totalling $54.1m Have Now Been Successfully Extended to Comfortably Past the Commissioning Date of The Sangdong Tungsten Project in Korea. In Addition, Almonty Announces the Appointment of a CFO in Korea.
by Almonty Industries | 18 Mar | Korea Tungsten, News ReleaseAlmonty Industries is pleased to announce that the maturity dates for approximately $54.1M of all its debt facilities have been extended. The bulk of this $54.1m is now maturing end of Q4 2023.
read more
 


Almonty Industries Inc. Announces the Scheduling of the Historical Confirmation Drilling Campaign for its Sangdong Moly Project.
by Almonty Industries | 10 Feb | Korea Tungsten, News ReleaseAlmonty Industries is pleased to announce that it has now scheduled a start date of the week of April 12th, 2021 to commence a 12,500m drilling campaign to convert the existing historical data for its Sangdong Molybdenum Project into a NI 43-101 and JORC compliant report.
read more
 


Almonty Industries Inc. Announces the Expansion of its ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) Program
by Almonty Industries | 3 Feb | Korea Tungsten, News Release, PanasqueiraAlmonty Industries is pleased to announce the expansion of its current Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) program at its Panasqueira mine in Portugal and at its Sangdong project in South Korea.
read more
 


Almonty Announces The Closing of its $2,122,500 Private Placement for the KfW-IPEX Bank Arrangement Fee and the Ordering of Long Lead Time Equipment from Metso/Outotec
by Almonty Industries | 27 Jan | Investment Information, Korea Tungsten, News ReleaseAlmonty Industries is pleased to announce the closing of its private placement with existing European shareholders of 2,830,000 shares at CDN$0.75 per share. Orders have now been placed the primary crusher and sag mill with Metso/Outotec.
read more
 

 
 
 
 





 
 
 

 



Almonty Korea Tungsten
 

The Road & River Diversion Program is Underway at the Sangdong Mine Project in Korea21 May, 2021Read MoreAlmonty expands their Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) program, signing an MOU with Seoul National University to foster local mining talent.7 May, 2021Read MoreAlmonty Provides an Operational Update for its Sangdong Tungsten And Moly Mines26 April, 2021Read More4 12345678910111213 5


 
 

 








Tungsten
The history of tungsten dates back to the Middle Ages. Learn more about Tungsten and Almonty Industries.
FIND OUT MORE

 
 
 




Almonty Industries
Almonty specializes in acquiring distressed and under-performing operations and assets in tungsten markets.
OUR COMPANY

 
 
 
 




 
 
 
 



 
 
 



Panasqueira Portugal
 

Almonty Industries Inc. Announces the Expansion of its ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance) Program3 February, 2021Read MoreInvestor Presentation – Almonty Industries & Sangdong Mine Project22 December, 2020Read MoreAlmonty Industries Inc. Announces An End-Of-Year Christmas Update14 December, 2020Read More4 1234 5


 
 


Los Santos & Valtrexial Projects
 

Investor Presentation – Almonty Industries & Sangdong Mine Project22 December, 2020Read MoreAlmonty Industries Inc. Announces An End-Of-Year Christmas Update14 December, 2020Read MoreAlmonty Receives New Land Classification For Its Valtreixal Property In Spain13 June, 2020Read MoreCOVID-19: We’re In This With You23 March, 2020Read More4 12 5


 
 
 









8 September 2020 – Almonty Industries Inc. is pleased to announce it has been named to the 2021 OTCQX Best 50, a ranking of top performing companies traded on the OTCQX Best Market last year.

LEARN MORE
 

 
 






NEWS RELEASE8 September 2020 – Almonty Industries Inc. announces a second update regarding the US$75M project financing of our Sangdong Tungsten Mine with KfW-IPEX Bank.

LEARN MORE
 

 
 






NEWS RELEASE13 July 2020 – Almonty Industries Completes A Non-Brokered Phase One Financing For The Construction of the Sangdong Mine of €3.25M

LEARN MORE
 

 
 





LOS SANTOS MINE

PROJECT DETAILS
 

 
 





PANASQUEIRA MINE

PROJECT DETAILS
 

 
 





ALMONTY KOREA TUNGSTEN

PROJECT DETAILS
 

 
 
 
 
 



Email Alerts & Announcements




Success!



First Name



Last Name



Email





Receive Alerts










 
 

 



Almonty Industries
 

Symbol: AII.TO
Description:
Almonty Industries Inc. engages in the mining, processing, and shipping of tungsten concentrate. The company owns interests in the Los Santos mine located near Salamanca, Spain; the Panasqueira tin and tungsten mine situated in Covilha and Castelo Branco, Portugal; and the Sangdong tungsten mine situated in Gangwon Province, Republic of Korea; and the Valtre Valtreixal tin and tungsten project located in Zamora province, Western Spain. Almonty Industries Inc. is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.
Industry: Other Industrial Metals & Mining
Sector: Basic Materials
Phone: +1 (647) 438-9766
 
 
 
 



Investment Information & Financials
 

Almonty Announces the Filing of its Unaudited Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and MD&A for the Three Months Ended March 31, 202117 May, 2021Read MoreAlmonty Announces The Filing Of Its Audited Annual Consolidated Financial Statements, MD&A and AIF For The Year Ended December 31, 202014 May, 2021Read More“Going the Full Almonty on Tungsten” – Published by Paydirt Media11 May, 2021Read MoreAlmonty expands their Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) program, signing an MOU with Seoul National University to foster local mining talent.7 May, 2021Read MoreAlmonty Industries Announces it now has Cash in Hand & Binding Commitments from Existing Shareholders & Insiders of $9,590,000. Almonty also Announces the Prospectus for Admission to the ASX is Nearing Completion20 April, 2021Read MoreLewis Black And The Plansee Group Conclude Share Sale/Purchase Prior to KfW IPEX Bank Financial Close for the Construction of the Sangdong Tungsten Mine20 April, 2021Read MoreAlmonty Industries Named to 2021 OTCQX Best 5028 January, 2021Read MoreAlmonty Announces The Closing of its $2,122,500 Private Placement for the KfW-IPEX Bank Arrangement Fee and the Ordering of Long Lead Time Equipment from Metso/Outotec27 January, 2021Read More4 1234567 5


 
 
 





 
 
 
  


  
 
 




Company
Contact
Investors Presentation
Privacy Policy
Majority Voting Policy
 
 





Facebook




Twitter




Google


Designed by Elegant Web Designs © Copyright - ALMONTY, 2021









 

 
 
 







Receive Announcements & AlertsBy providing your e-mail address & clicking Submit, you are consenting to receive press releases, quarterly and annual reports, presentations and other information concerning Almonty Industries Inc.

















SUBMIT






Thank you for registering to receive the latest Almonty corporate media releases by email.






Pin It on Pinterest











































