

Ensign Energy | Drilling, Well Testing and Oil Field Services.





























































 
400 - 5th Avenue SW, Suite 1000


 
info@ensignenergy.com



Contact Us

















                                        Home
                                    



                                       About Us
                                    



                                                Our Story
                                            



                                                Board of Directors
                                            



                                                Leadership Team
                                            



                                                Corporate Responsibility
                                            



                                                        Driving to Zero	®
                                                    



                                                       Environment
                                                    



                                                       Corporate Governance
                                                    




 Health & Safety  


 Environment 





                                      Services
                                    



                                                Our Commitment
                                            



                                                        Our Expertise  
                                                         




                                              Drilling
                                            



                                               Directional Drilling
                                            



                                               Well Servicing
                                            





                                      Innovation
                                    



                                      Overview
                                      



                                      Ensign Edge
                                      



                                      ADR 1500S
                                      



                                      ASR 150
                                      





                                     Investor Relations
                                    



                                             News
                                            



                                               Reports
                                            



                                                        Quarterly and Annual Reports 
                                                         



                                                       Management Circulars
                                                         





                                              Presentations and Events
                                            



                                            Stocks and Dividends
                                            



                                               Shareholder Services
                                            



                                              Analysts
                                            



                                              Sedar Filings
                                            



                                                Former Trinidad Shareholders
                                            






                                      Careers
                                    



                                              Why Work For Ensign
                                            



                                              Locations
                                            



                                              Employee Journey
                                            








 








                                When you need a well, We'll get it done.
We know the drill



Our Services
Our Technology
COVID-19 Response












Ensign Innovation

Ensign Edge
ADR 1500s
ASR 150









Automation. Applications. Analytics.
Ensign Edge delivers a comprehensive technology suite for today’s drilling challenges, optimizing drilling performance, crew safety, equipment reliability and rig processes. The key to our success lies in the ability to collect and deliver the right data, at the right velocity, and in the right quantities.
Learn More










The next generation full-sized walking rig.
The latest breed of our legendary ADR® is a more powerful, agile rig to drill long lateral sections in horizontal wells and execute rapid moves from pad to pad, the ADR® 1500S.
Learn More










Power with purpose.
Our ASR™ 150 is the industry’s most advanced service rig. It is a fully automated service rig that eliminates all manual manipulation of tubulars from the pipe rack to the make-up of a connection, reducing the number of personnel on the rig floor and making it safer, quicker and more efficient to move between wells.
Learn More







Ensign. The world’s most resourceful energy services company.


Meet Our Team
Careers




Our Services





Drilling

                       Whatever your drilling challenge, Ensign is your solution. We offer you an extensive fleet of technologically advanced, purpose-built rigs and a comprehensive range of drilling services. We deliver a customized solution for unparalleled project efficiency.
                     
Learn More





WELL SERVICING

                        Our highly trained, experienced crews are backed by a complete lineup of service rigs to tackle the most challenging environments. Ensign’s service rigs are purpose-built for industry and are designed to move safely, quickly and efficiently. We plan and prepare for every multi-well program so your downtime is minimized. Our fleet has hundreds of rigs deployed worldwide and our well servicing offerings keep your well performing and producing.
                     
Learn More





DIRECTIONAL DRILLING

                       Ensign is an industry leader in the drilling of deep, complex, challenging wells. Our horizontal and directional drilling teams are among the world’s most skilled and experienced and they are fully equipped with state-of-the-art technology
                     
Learn More











 









Quick Links



Home


About Ensign


Our Services


Contact Us


Privacy Policy







Get In Touch



Service Inquiries


Employees







About Ensign

A global leader in drilling and servicing wells, Ensign works in the world’s most extreme conditions. We offer powerful solutions through our expertise and a full slate of land-based services for oil, gas and geothermal energy. With our global resources we can handle your most daunting logistical challenges.
                                






© Copyright 2020 | Ensign Energy Services





 

















