


































 Hut 8 Mining















 New website coming soon! Connect with us 






Menu




Hut 8 Mining






 Our new website experience is coming soon! Connect with us for updates 





Operations
Corporate
Investors
Home
News
Media
Contact





Home
Operations
Corporate

Corporate Overview
Team


Investors
News
Media
Contact
 
 








One of North America's Oldest, Largest, & Innovation-Focused Digital Asset Mining Pioneers

Innovative Mining, High Performance Computing, & Cash Flow Businesses Built On Bitcoin & Blockchain Technology







 




TSX: HUT                                       OTCQX: HUTMF
Hut 8 is a cryptocurrency mining company focused on mining bitcoin.
Learn more about Hut 8 Mining Corp.













Bitcoin
Bitcoin is the first and largest cryptocurrency. To date, 18.1 million bitcoin exist and only 21 million bitcoin will ever exist.






Blockchain
Blockchain is a cloud based digital public ledger where bitcoin transactions are grouped together and maintained by a community of users.






Mining
Mining, the process required to secure the blockchain, verifies transactions by solving a difficult mathematical puzzle.












Digital Asset Mining Leaders










94

ADA
Datacenters






109

MW
Max. Megawatts






1073

PH/s
Petahashes per Second

















Figures above are reflective of full operational capacity for all Blockboxes on Hut 8 sites. Actual figures will vary day to day based on operating optimization which focuses on the price of bitcoin, mining difficulty and electricity costs, which are all dynamic and move up or down frequently. In addition, certain boxes may be temporarily placed in standby mode for normal maintenance.
Does not include 9 BlockBoxes being hosted for an institutional client.












Mining Bitcoin in North America
Hut 8 has 94 BlockBoxes representing 109 MW of operating capacity located in Drumheller and Medicine Hat, Alberta.
Learn more about our Operations





Industry Expert Leadership
Hut 8 has assembled a strong team of executives & directors with deep experience in blockchain, software, bitcoin mining, investment banking, venture capital, and government
Meet our Board of Directors





Secure and Simple
Investors avoid the need to create online wallets, wire money offshore and safely store their bitcoins. Hut 8 provides a secure and simple way to invest.
Why invest in Hut 8 Mining?

















“We are pleased to expand operations in the City of Medicine Hat without investing additional capital in new hardware but rather by utilizing our existing Blockboxes more effectively.”



Paul Vigna  Wall Street Journal 







“The world ultimately will have a single currency, the internet will have a single currency. I personally believe that it will be Bitcoin.”



Jack Dorsey CEO, Twitter and Square 







“Hut 8 is the best way to invest in bitcoin without actually buying bitcoin yourself and keeping it safe. Because of its scale and efficiency Hut 8 gets access to new Bitcoins at prices far below the market price and it keeps its coins safe in the best crypto vault in the world. Once a new Bitcoin rally starts the Hut 8 shares will likely outperform Bitcoin itself. ”



Marc van der Chijs Founder First Block Capital Inc. 







“Bitcoin is better than currency in that you don’t have to be physically in the same place and, of course, for large transactions, currency can get pretty inconvenient.”



Bill Gates Co-Founder of Microsoft 







““At its core, bitcoin is a smart currency, designed by very forward-thinking engineers. It eliminates the need for banks, gets rid of credit card fees, currency exchange fees, money transfer fees, and reduces the need for lawyers in transitions… all good things.””



Peter Diamandis Founder and chairman of the X Prize Foundation 







“There is a certain amount of bitcoin that can ever exist. Gold gets mined and mined and mined. Maybe there’s a finite amount of gold in the world, but cryptocurrency is even more mathematical and regulated and nobody can change mathematics.”



Steve Wozniak Co-Founder of Apple 







“It [cryptocurrency] bypasses currency controls. … Paper money is going away. And crypto is a far better way to transfer values than a piece of paper, that’s for sure.”



Elon Musk CEO of Telsa and SpaceX 





























Get the latest news from Hut 8
By providing your e-mail address, you are consenting to receive press releases, presentations and other information concerning Hut 8 Mining Corp.







 








Menu

Operations
Corporate
Investors
News
Media
Contact


Follow Us

LinkedIn
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube


 


Download our presentation



© 2021 Hut 8 Mining Corp. Bitcoin price data powered by Coindesk.





 








