





IMV Inc. (IMV)









































Home

About Us


Overview


Management Team


Board of Directors


Scientific & Clinical Advisors


Partnerships




The DPX Platform


Overview


Scientific Publications & Posters




Clinical Pipeline


Overview


Maveropepimut-S


DPX-RSV


DPX-COVID-19


Clinical Trials




News & Events


Press Releases


Events


Email Alerts


Annual General and Special Shareholders Meeting




Investors


Overview


Press Releases


Events, Webcasts & Presentations


Financial Info


Stock Data


Filings


Governance


Contact Us


FAQ




Careers


Overview


Life at IMV




Contact

 





A New Class of Immunotherapies
Everyone Deserves a Long and Healthy Life 
At IMV, we believe that everyone deserves effective cancer treatments that respect patients’ quality of life. Our unique DPX technology gives us the ability to create a new class of immunotherapy that generates targeted and long-lasting immune activation with limited side effects. With this unique ability, we are dedicated to improving cancer treatment and giving everyone a chance to enjoy a long and healthy life.  
About IMV 2021 Annual Shareholders meeting 









Our DPX Platform
A Versatile Technology That Generates a Targeted, Robust and Sustained Immune Response
Thanks to its unique “no release” delivery system, our proprietary DPX delivery platform can be formulated with peptide antigens to induce a specific, robust, and sustained immune response. IMV is leveraging this mechanism of action to generate “first-in-class” T cell therapies for patients facing cancer. In the context of infectious diseases, the DPX platform can also be formulated with B cell epitopes to target virus’ specific regions like spike proteins of the SARS-CoV2. 












Our Lead Candidate: Maveropepimut-S
One Immunotherapy to Tackle Both Solid and Hematologic Tumors
Our lead asset, Maveropepimut-S (DPX-Survivac), is a T cell activating immunotherapy which combines the advantages of the DPX platform and the cancer antigen survivin. Maveropepimut-S generates in vivo a constant flow of T cells that target cancer cells expressing survivin, a promising tumor-associated target overexpressed in a high percentage of tumor types. About Maveropepimut-S













Our Vaccine Candidate against COVID-19
A Targeted Approach to Eliminate the Virus and Limit the Infection
In response to the global crisis, IMV has initiated the development of a vaccine to protect against the COVID-19 pandemic. IMV believes its targeted peptide epitope approach has the potential to optimize and exceed the safety and efficacy profile of more conventional vaccines. This peptide-based approach, combined with the advantages of the DPX platform, offers the potential for accelerated development and rapid, large-scale production of a vaccine against COVID-19. About DPX-COVID-19 













Latest News            				    View all news












May 13, 2021
IMV Inc. to Present at Two Upcoming Investor Conferences

Read More







May 12, 2021
IMV Inc. Announces First Quarter 2021 Financial and Operational Results and Expansion of its Clinical Pipeline

Read More







May 11, 2021
IMV Appoints Dr. Michael Kalos to Board of Directors

Read More






View all news







Email Alerts


Stay informed and receive company updates straight to your inbox. 

Sign up today














Stock Information





Nasdaq
TSX



















View Corporate Presentation
View Investor Relations

















About Us
The DPX Platform
Clinical Pipeline
News & Events
Investors
Careers
Contact





Twitter
LinkedIn
Youtube


            			© 2021 IMV Inc. All Rights Reserved.
            		

Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Sitemap












                    Market Data copyright © 2021 QuoteMedia. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated (view delay times for all exchanges). RT=Real-Time, EOD=End of Day, PD=Previous Day. Market Data powered by QuoteMedia. Terms of Use.
                    












