



































Home - MTY Group

































































MTY Quotes by TradingView





					Changer de langue:

English
Français










About Us

Our DNA
Our History
What’s New


Our Brands
Become a Franchisee

Our Expertise
Request Form & Process
International Opportunities


Investors

Annual General Meeting 2020
Financial Reports
Press Releases
Investor Relations
Governance Documents & Policies
IRS Form 8937
Investor deck presentation


MTY Rewards Card
Contact Us
Papa Murphy’s
Kahala Brands
 







EXCELLENCE. DEDICATION. INNOVATION.
These three principles have made MTY Food Group inc. one of the largest franchisors in North America’s restaurant industry.
MTY Group is a family whose heart beats to the rhythm of its banners, the very soul of its multi-branded strategy. For over 35 years, it has been increasing its presence by delivering new concepts in quick-service restaurants and making acquisitions and strategic alliances that have allowed MTY Group to reach new heights year after year.


MEMO UPDATE - APRIL 27th, 2020
DEAR VALUED MTY GUEST,
As we navigate through COVID-19, MTY wishes to inform you that the health and safety of our guests, staff and partners are our top priority.
To ensure we keep you and our employees safe and healthy we are following updates and guidelines provided by the Public Health Agency of Canada as well as the World Health Organization .
We continue to implement the following health and safety procedures in our restaurants:

  
Read more


Important information on COVID-19
MTY FOOD GROUP temporarily closes our offices across Canada
As the situation with COVID-19 continues to evolve day-to-day, our top priority during these challenging times continues to be health and safety of our staff, guests, franchisees and business partners.
Our communities are working hard to prevent the spread of COVID-19, and to support these efforts, we will temporarily close all our offices until further notice to support social distancing efforts and based on recommendations from local health authorities.
MTY will continue and is committed in supporting the communities and our franchisees in which it serves and will work with our local partners to continue to offer Pick up and home delivery services.
We look forward to welcoming customers back to our restaurants soon and we thank you for your understanding during these extraordinary circumstances.

  
Read more


MTY ANNOUNCES MEASURES TO SUPPORT ITS FRANCHISEES
Montreal, March 16, 2020 - MTY Food Group Inc. (“MTY” or the “Company”) (TSX: MTY), franchisor and operator
of multiple concepts of restaurants worldwide, announces it has decided to postpone the collection of royalties for a
four-week period starting Tuesday, March 17, 2020.

  
Click Here


COVID-19 (Coronavirus)
The health and safety of our guests, employees and partners are top of mind. To learn more about the decisions being made by our company and the actions being taken amid concerns of the spread of COVID-19

  
Click Here


MTY FOOD GROUP COMPLETES COMBINATION WITH IMVESCOR RESTAURANT GROUP
MONTREAL, March 1, 2018 - MTY Food Group Inc. (“MTY”) (TSX:MTY) and Imvescor Restaurant Group Inc. (“Imvescor”) (TSX: IRG) announced today the completion of the previously announced amalgamation (the “Amalgamation”) under Section 181 of the Canada Business Corporations Act involving Imvescor and a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of MTY.

  
Read More


What's New



March 4, 2020NOTICE : POSTPONED 

MORE THAN 30 RESTAURANT BRANDS WILL BE PRESENTRead More 






February 24, 2020Thaï Express celebrates eight new openings! 

Thaï Express celebrates eightnew openings in Cloverdale Mall, Champlain Place, CIBC Tower, University of Toronto, University of Alberta, South Park, St-Martin, & Mclaughlin CornersRead More 






January 9, 2020Jugo Juice is now open at Galeries de la Capitale! 

Drop by for a smoothie!Read More 






December 6, 2019Valentine restaurant in Beauceville 

The Valentine team is pleased to announce the reopening of its restaurant in Beauceville!Read More 






November 11, 2019New Valentine restaurant in Saint.Côme.Linière 

On November 7, Valentine welcomed his first customers in Saint-Côme-Linière.Read More 



View more articles





About Us

Our DNA
Our History
Prizes and Recognition


Our Brands
Become a Franchisee

Our Expertise
Request Form & Process
International Opportunities


Investors

Financial Reports
Press Releases
Investor Relations
Presentations
Governance Documents & Policies
IRS Form 8937


MTY Rewards Card
Contact Us
Careers
Legal

Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Legal Statement


USA Operations
 



			Excellence / Dedication / Innovation


©2021			MTY Franchising Inc. | Franchise MTY Inc. 


Our website uses cookies to optimize your browsing experience and map website usability. If you agree to proceed using cookies, please click on ‘ACCEPT’. Otherwise, go to your browser settings to disable the functionality. Read MTY’s Privacy Policy to find out more.
ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled 


Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.






								Non-necessary							


Non-necessary
 


Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.












SAVE & ACCEPT
















