

	George Weston Ltd. | Home

















Skip to main content



Français 
         
        Contact
		  
		








        Navigate the website menu by using Tab and the arrow keys, use SPACE or RETURN to travel to the link.        
    


Our Company

Our Vision
Our History
Corporate Officers



Our Businesses

Loblaw Companies Limited
Choice Properties REIT
Weston Foods



Investor Centre

Shareholder Information
Financial Reports
Dividend Information
News and Events
Investor Contacts
Stock Information



Governance

Constating Documents
Board of Directors
Policies and Procedures
Accessibility



Corporate Responsibility

Research Grants
Funding FAQs
Funded Projects
Employee Charitable Giving
Contact Us


Careers

The GWL Experience
CPA Approved Training Office









George Weston Limited
George Weston Limited is a Canadian public company, founded in 1882. George Weston has three operating segments:  Loblaw Companies Limited, Canada’s largest food and drug retailer and a provider of financial services, Choice Properties Real Estate Investment Trust, Canada’s largest and preeminent diversified REIT,  and Weston Foods, one of North America’s leading producers of quality baked goods. With over 200,000 employees working at George Weston and its operating segments, the group of companies represent  one of Canada’s largest private sector employers.




Stock Price                 (TSX: WN)

Quotes delayed 15 minutes.NOTE: The stock price performance shown on the quote above is not necessarily indicative of future price performance.



News and Events

May 11, 2021: 

                                    George Weston Limited Reports First Quarter 2021 Results
Apr 13, 2021:
W. Galen Weston, 1940-2021

» More News and Events








Loblaw is Canada's food and pharmacy leader with a network of corporate and independently operated stores in communities across the country. Loblaw's purpose - Live Life Well - supports the needs and well-being of Canadians who make one billion visits each year to the company’s stores. Loblaw is positioned to meet and exceed those needs in many ways.

                    » Read more






Choice Properties is a leading Real Estate Investment Trust that creates enduring value through the ownership, operation and development of high-quality commercial and residential properties.
                    
                    We believe that value comes from creating spaces that improve how our tenants and communities come together to live, work, and connect. 

                    » Read more






Weston Foods is a leading North American bakery company whose purpose is: Elevating Everyday Moments. The business is steeped in a rich 137-year history that has helped it become an innovative and trusted leader in the industry. Weston Foods is driven to constantly improve its products and to deliver delicious, feel-good moments to consumers.

                    » Read more









Legal/Privacy
Site Map
Help








Copyright © 2011 George Weston Limited











