


  Sprott



























Sprott



























Home




Our Firm




Overview


Leadership


Executive Committee
Sprott Gold Team


Careers







Investment Funds



Available to U.S.* and Canadian Investors   


                      Physical Bullion Funds                    
                    


Sprott Physical Gold & Silver TrustCEF
Sprott Physical Gold TrustPHYS
Sprott Physical Silver TrustPSLV
Sprott Physical Platinum & Palladium TrustSPPP



Available to U.S. Investors   


                      Mining Equity Funds                    
                    


Sprott Gold Equity FundSGDLX
Sprott Gold Miners ETFSGDM
Sprott Junior Gold Miners ETFSGDJ



Available to U.S. Investors  


                      Equity Funds               
                    


Sprott Focus TrustFUND



*The Trusts are closed-end funds established under the laws of the Province of Ontario in Canada and are available to U.S. investors by way of listings on the NYSE Arca pursuant to the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Trusts are not registered as investment companies under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940. 




Insights




Blog
Podcast
Precious Metals Watch







What We Do




Asset Management


Resource Financing


Sprott Resource Lending
Sprott Capital Partners
Sprott Resource Streaming and Royalty


Wealth Management







Investor Relations




Sprott Inc. NYSE/TSX: SII


Overview
Reports & Filings
Press Releases
Webcasts
Corporate Governance
ESG
Board of Directors
DRIP Plan
AGM







Contact Us







Search




















 Sprott Physical Silver Trust
                            100% Backed by Fully Allocated Physical Silver
                            80,797,842 Ounces of Physical Silver Added since January 30, 2020*Learn more



















Insights








SPROTT VIDEO
5/10/2021



The Bear Market for Uranium is Over

By John Ciampaglia
John Ciampaglia, CEO of Sprott Asset Management, joins BNN Bloomberg to discuss Sprott's takeover of Uranium Participation Corporation (UPC) and why he believes the climate for this kind of transaction is most appropriate now. 


View Video


Subscribe to Sprott Insights











LISTEN NOW












Our Offerings









Physical Bullion Trusts

                        Sprott’s unique exchange-listed physical bullion trusts give investors a better way to own physical precious metals.
                      
 Invest in Precious Metals


Active Equity Strategies

                        Sprott's team of precious metals and natural resources investment professionals provide active portfolio management for both institutional and individual investors.
                      
 Research Our Strategies


Gold Miners ETFs

                        Sprott factor-based gold miner ETFs provide investors with access to unique gold miner indexes that are designed to outperform market cap-weighted offerings.
                      
 Invest in Gold Stocks


Resource Financing

                        Sprott is a key provider of financing and advisory services to mining and natural resource companies, at all stages of development, from exploration through production.
                      
 Looking for Capital?















New & Noteworthy






Episode # 4 - Platinum and Palladium Explained
May 11, 2021
Portfolio Manager Shree Kargutkar provides an update on the PGM group metals: platinum and palladium. Topics include supply-demand dynamics, geopolitical challenges for miners and platinum's role in fuel cell electric vehicles (FCEVs).
Listen Now



Pandemic Provides Catalyst for HIgher Platinum Prices
March 29, 2021
Platinum prices have moved higher as COVID-19 has constrained supply amid rising demand. YOY, spot platinum is up more than 90%. 
Read More





Sprott Asset Management Enters Into Agreement With UPC to Form the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust
April 28, 2021
Sprott Asset Management has entered into a definitive agreement with Uranium Participation Corporation (TSX: U) pursuant to which UPC shareholders will become unitholders of the Sprott Physical Uranium Trust, a newly-formed entity managed by Sprott Asset Management.
Read Press Release



Webcast: Silver Fundamentals Shine Bright
February 23, 2021
The silver market is abuzz in 2021. After climbing more than 47% in 2020, silver continues to play catch up to gold.
Watch Now





Gold Holds on to Support as Yields Rise
April 6, 2021
Gold prices finished March at $1,708, closing off a difficult quarter on the heels of gold's positive, record year. COVID-19 vaccine rollouts in the U.S. encouraged market optimism which was reflected in rising U.S. Treasury yields and a strong U.S. dollar.
Read More



Silver's Clean Energy Future
February 24, 2021
Silver climbed more than 47% in 2020, reaffirming its value as a safe haven portfolio asset during the COVID pandemic. But our bullish outlook for silver is based on its unique role as an industrial metal. Silver should be integral to any "green revolution" discussions, given that it is critical to the success of EVs, solar energy and 5G cellular networks.  
Read Report











Investor Information





Sprott Inc.
Press Releases


5/7/2021
Sprott Inc. Announces Results of its Annual Meeting of Shareholders


5/7/2021
Sprott Announces First Quarter 2021 Results


5/6/2021
Sprott Inc. Declares First Quarter 2021 Dividend


Webcasts

5/7/2021

        Sprott Inc. Q1 2021 Earnings Conference Call

Replay
Presentation






Infographics
 



 Learn More about Tax Advantages


 View How Gold Stocks Excel












 Follow us on Twitter
 Subscribe to the Sprott YouTube Channel
 Connect on LinkedIn










Sprott





          Royal Bank Plaza, South Tower 
          200 Bay Street Suite 2600
          Toronto, Ontario  M5J 2J1
          Canada
        



Disclaimers and Terms of Use
Social Media Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Home



Contact Us


            Call us at
            855.943.8099
          

            Email us at
invest@sprott.com













© 2021 Sprott Inc. All rights reserved.






Sprott uses cookies to understand how you use our website and to improve your experience. This includes personalizing content on our website and third-party websites. To learn more and to manage your advertising preferences, see our Cookie Policy
Close


Important Message
You are now leaving Sprott.com and entering a linked website. Sprott has partnered with ALPS in offering Sprott ETFs. For fact sheets, marketing materials, prospectuses, performance, expense information and other details about the ETFs, you will be directed to the ALPS/Sprott website at SprottETFs.com. 
Continue to Sprott Exchange Traded Funds
×


Important Message
You are now leaving Sprott.com and entering a linked website. Sprott Asset Management is a sub-advisor for several mutual funds on behalf of Ninepoint Partners. For details on these funds, you will be directed to the Ninepoint Partners website at ninepoint.com. 
Continue to Ninepoint Partners
×


Important Message
You are now leaving sprott.com and linking to a third-party website. Sprott assumes no liability for the content of this linked site and the material it presents, including without limitation, the accuracy, subject matter, quality or timeliness of the content. The fact that this link has been provided does not constitute an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship by or affiliation with Sprott with respect to the linked site or the material.
Continue
×



 