







Changing the way people view cannabis | VIVO Cannabis





















































Skip to content










logo-VIVO






























								 VIVO: $





Corporate Presentation






April 15, 2021
VIVO Cannabis™ Announces Appointment of Ray Laflamme to the Board
Read More








Brands
CANNA FARMS, FIRESIDE CANNABIS, LUMINA, BEACON MEDICAL, HARVEST MEDICINE 











About
Team
Brands
Investors
Contact
 













Tel: +1 416 848 9839 – info@vivocannabis.com – LinkedIn









Changing the way
people view cannabis





























cannabis1














Small-town roots. Big-time vision.
We’re on a mission to help people see cannabis as something that can improve the well-being of individuals and communities – and we’re accomplishing that with premium cannabis products and services.







1 / 3









Small batch quality
Our medical and adult-use cannabis are produced in small batches. The result is unparalleled quality.
















Pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis
We listen to the medical community. We listen to the patient community. And then we act, continually delivering innovative products and services to enhance health and wellbeing.  
















Adult-use cannabis products 
Our standards are high because yours are too. Our adult-use cannabis brands are made with craft, care and respect for our customer. After all, life should be enjoyed to its fullest.



























 



Featured Video
Q1 2021 Results Video
Interim CEO, Rick Fitzgerald discusses VIVO’s Q1 2021 results.




                    View All Videos
                










Not only do we believe that cannabis can have a huge impact on a community through job creation, we’re also proud of the great products that our talented teams of professionals produce. Canna Farms, our wholly-owned subsidiary, received the Top Reviewed Licensed Producer at Lift & Co.’s recent Canadian Cannabis Awards and the O’Cannabiz People’s Choice Award for Best LP Customer Service.











Latest News


													April 15, 2021												
VIVO Cannabis™ Announces Appointment of Ray Laflamme to the Board
Read More







											Meet the Team										
										A diverse team of professionals with global experience in highly regulated industries guided by a world-class Board of Directors.									


											Presentations										
										The cannabis marketplace is highly competitive. Companies that can meet the needs of consumers with exceptional products and services are the ones who will thrive.


STOCK PRICE: VIVO: $ 
















View from the C-suite: TSX Video
On January 24, 2020, VIVO Cannabis began trading on the TSX and opened the market to celebrate. Barry Fishman, Chief Executive Officer, sat down with the TSX to discuss VIVO Cannabis and what the TSX listing means for the company.













VIVO is a family of premium brands and businesses, building a world-class cannabis company through the acquisition and development of specialty brands.



 

 

 

 

 










 


About
Team
Brands
Investors
Contact
 


 LINKEDIN
FACEBOOK

 

 CONTACT
info@vivocannabis.com
INVESTOR RELATIONS
ir@vivocannabis.com

 


 









Have Questions?
Name (required)
 
Email (required)
 
Message
 
I have read and understand VIVO’s Privacy Policy






Copyright ©2019 VIVO Cannabis Inc. | All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy



























This site uses cookies to provide you with the best possible web experience. View our Privacy Policy.YES, I ACCEPT COOKIES





