














Home | Calfrac Well Services Ltd.













      Skip to main content
    






Top Menu


Conference Call




Main navigation


Home


Services


Hydraulic Fracturing


Coiled Tubing


Cementing




Investors


Investor Relations


Corporate Governance


Board of Directors


Financials & Filings


Stock Information


Historical Stock Price


Analyst Coverage


Presentations and Events


News Releases


Contacts & Alerts




Careers


Our Commitments


Health, Safety & Environment


Quality


Supply Chain


Technology


Whistleblower




About Us


Leadership


History




Resource Center


Contact




Loading data...










   

Do it safely, do it on time, do it better
Calfrac's brand promise


Read More




   

Join our winning team
Learn about Calfrac’s open opportunities


Read More




   

Benefit from our experience
Explore our case studies


Read More


















Calfrac Well Services
Based on horsepower, Calfrac is one of the largest hydraulic fracturing companies in the world with a combined fleet of 1.3 million horsepower. An API Q2 certified company, Calfrac operates in western Canada, the United States, Russia, and Argentina. Services include hydraulic fracturing, coiled tubing, cementing and other well stimulation techniques designed to help increase the production of oil and natural gas.Read More





















ServicesHydraulic FracturingCalfrac is a full service hydraulic fracturing provider. Calfrac provides slickwater solutions for fresh and high TDS brine applications, leading support for high viscosity friction reducer fracture fluid systems, along with all traditional industry applications of gel based, crosslink and energized fracturing needs. Treatment types and additives (such as surfactants, biocides and diverters) are customized to meet desired operational, treatment and production success.
ServicesCoiled TubingOur fleet of coiled tubing equipment provides services from shallow through deep — below 10,000 ft. (3,000 m) true vertical depth, with reel capacities up to 24,000 ft. (7,200 m) for 2 3/8 inches (60.3 mm) coiled tubing — and covers the majority of today’s wells, including long-leg multi-stage fractured horizontals drilled in deep shales and tight sands.
ServicesCementingCalfrac cement testing labs are state-of-the-art, with modern equipment and testing procedures that meet or exceed current oilfield standards. Calfrac offers primary and remedial cementing services in a variety of wells. We use different classes of conventional and special cements, as well as specially developed cementing systems. Our in-house cementing experts developed proprietary lightweight and ultra-lightweight cementing systems that use unconventional cement without the use of extenders.
















Quick Links


Home


Services


Investors


Careers


Our Commitments


About Us


Resource Center


Contact




Contact Us

Calfrac Well Services

Address:
Suite 500
407 - 8 Avenue SW
Calgary, Alberta
T2P 1E5


Telephone:
1-866-770-3722









Copyright © 2020 Calfrac Well Services Ltd.


Footer


Legal


Contact




Social Menu

























