



illumin Advertising Automation Reimagined | AcuityAds Inc
































































































Solutions

illuminOur intuitive platform helps you see through the clutter of programmatic advertising. 
Attention AdvertisingIncrease brand’s total viewership time within a finite, relevant audience set – without increasing your budget.
Live AudiencesIncorporate the most recent and relevant audience insights and improve how your media dollars are used.


Insights

BlogThese are the latest insights and trends in the advertising industry that you need to know
White PapersHelpful reports and guides to inform you of industry trends and complex concepts
Case StudiesLearn more about the success of our clients and products within specific industries


News

PressRead our press releases for major announcements and upcoming events
EventsCheck out the events we’re attending or hosting and view past events with AcuityAds
VideosWatch the latest webinars, video presentations and demonstrations by AcuityAds


Company

About UsLearn more about AcuityAds and our mission to help light the way to a better path forward
CareersJoin the most talented group of people in advertising technology, today
InvestorsFind stock information, financial documents, investor presentations and meet the leadership team


Schedule a demo 



Contact Us












Meet illumin.
Advertising Automation


Reinvented.Redesigned.Recreated.Reimagined. 



Contact Us



































Illumin – Sticky menuOverview
Capabilities
How it works
Powered by Acuity
Schedule a demo















Drag & drop interface








Intelligent journey








Robust insights




Illuminate the consumer journey

Our intuitive platform helps you see through the clutter of programmatic advertising. Our simple drag & drop interface allows you to take control of planning and buying across the entire journey. Let illumin find efficiency and provide clarity in the digital marketing space like never before.







Capabilities




Control
With illumin, you can control, visualize, and understand the consumer journey from start to finish. Set up your brand’s marketing messages across the entire funnel and build alternate journey paths. illumin’s media buying algorithms will help uncover the best communication plan for your audience.












Minimize waste
illumin will help you uncover the true value of each ad opportunity and shine a light on its impact as users progress along the journey.












Inform
illumin provides insight to align the way you think and plan, offering intelligent decision making to bring your consumer journey to life. Use learnings from illumin to master your media mix, better understand your consumer target, and help inform future media strategy.













                How it works            












Meet the journey canvas


Build and visualize your consumer journey like never before. Gone are the days of line item tactics, illumin replaces this archaic system with a new and streamlined canvas. Now, you can drag and drop audiences and the creatives they see at each step in the journey across any format or channel. Create custom messaging for different audience personas and take back control over the way you message consumers.















Consumer-valuing tool


Identify, score, and use the latest advancements in automation to nurture consumers toward your desired business goals. Our valuing tool makes sure a brand never overpays to talk to a consumer. It is based on a consumer’s actual value to the brand, position in the journey, and incrementality at every ad opportunity. illumin matches each consumer with the best communication path and inserts them into the journey at the most appropriate stage.















Visualize media mix effectiveness 


During all stages of the journey, you’ll be able to see and understand your investment across 100 percent of your reached audience. Let illumin light the path and provide a shortcut to efficiency. We offer insight into identifying the most efficient mediums to invest in across your journey that lead to better outcomes for your business.






Powered by decision science. Proven by leading companies.








Expert insights






White paper
Brands need advertising automation to control the consumer journey
Our consideration of automation will go beyond programmatic to include how marketers effectively advertise in an omnichannel ecosystem, doing so in a fashion that ensures the best return on investment for whole campaigns — rather than a single ad exposure.


Learn More








Guide
A guide for connected TV advertising
A Guide to Connected TV Advertising provides you with everything you need to know to sound like an expert on this hot topic.


Learn More










                            Try illumin today.                        

Your guiding light to smarter decisions and better outcomes.


Schedule a demo



















Contact Us
Opt-out
Corporate Privacy Policy
Technology Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
AODA
Cookie Policy




Join over 3,000 marketers and subscribe to Acuity Insights
Subscribe





© 2021 AcuityAds. All Rights Reserved.



















































