
















Innergex Renewable Energy Inc.

















































Powered by ZigaForm version 3.9.8.8
 
























Energies

Hydroelectricity
Wind Energy
Solar Energy


Sites
Investors

Overview
Stock info
Reports
Documents
Archives


Media
Sustainability
 






About

History
Management
Governance


Careers
Contact
Fr
 



























 





Building a better world with renewable energy





The transition to a carbon-neutral economy is within our reach. More than ever, Innergex is focusing its actions towards fighting climate change. We are building a better world with renewable energy, and that is why we can believe in a prosperous future for all of us.






We believe in a better world where abundant renewable energy promotes healthier communities and creates shared prosperity. Innergex contributes to this vision by leveraging its long-term commitment, proven expertise, entrepreneurial spirit, and innovative approach. We will continue to generate value for our employees, our shareholders, our partners and our host communities today to contribute to a more sustainable world for future generations. We remain committed to responsible growth that balances people, our planet, and prosperity. We believe in offering an engaging, inclusive and supportive work environment where each team member can thrive.






















A gross installed capacity of
3,701 MW
of renewable energy










Operates installations across
Canada, the USA, France, and Chile










Owns interests in
76 operating facilities,
9 projects under development
and numerous prospective projects










Enough to power
1,007,462
households with clean energy in 2020










A diverse portfolio of
renewable energies
including hydroelectric facilities,
wind farms and solar farms










A sustainable business model focusing on
people, our planet, and prosperity












 




									May 13, 2021							


Innergex announces director election results


News Release   LONGUEUIL, Quebec, May 13, 2021  – Innergex Renewable Energy Inc. (TSX: INE) (“Innergex” or the “Corporation”) announces that all nominees listed in the management information circular dated April 6, 2021 were elected as directors of the Corporation. The detailed results of the vote by ballot for the election of directors, which was held […]
Continue reading				"Innergex announces director election results"



LEARN MORE







 




									May 11, 2021							


Quarterly report (Q1) for the period ended March 31, 2021


Continue reading				"Quarterly report (Q1) for the period ended March 31, 2021"



LEARN MORE







 




									May 11, 2021							


Innergex Q1 2021: enhanced support to renewable energy creates opportunities, despite challenging conditions in the past months


Continue reading				"Innergex Q1 2021: enhanced support to renewable energy creates opportunities, despite challenging conditions in the past months"



LEARN MORE











Learn about our sources of energy









Hydroelectricity











Wind energy











Solar energy







Join our team!
Innergex is rapidly growing and we are constantly on the lookout for new talent.
Click here to browse our opportunities to become a power player.
Learn more >











We build a better world with renewable energy
Find out how by visiting our Sustainability Reporting Initiative website
Learn more >











For kayak enthusiasts
Fancy a bit of outdoor adventure? We’re happy to provide real-time flows on these rivers! Click here to learn more about kayaking opportunities.
Learn more >




















Energies
Sites
Investors
Media
About Us
Careers
 

Cautionary statement on forward-looking information
Legal Notice
Sitemap
Fr
 

Follow us





Copyright Innergex 2018


Questions?

Contact us




 
































