




CES Energy Solutions Corp.
























































Subscribe
SEDAR
Disclaimer
Contact
 

Home
Operations

Divisons
DrillingFluids
ProductionChemicals
Transportation& Logistics
EnvironmentalServices
LaboratoryServices
ISO9001


Investor Relations

News Releases
Presentations
Financials
Shareholders
Governance
Media


Technologies

Drilling Fluids –Products
Drilling Fluids –Systems
Fracturing andStimulation
ProductionChemicals
H2S Scavengers


Careers
 

       


Previous



Next
 







Stock Quotes
Note: minimum 15 minute delay


TSX:CEU
$



Open:
$


High / Low:
$ / $


Volume:














Recent Updates


 

May 12, 2021
News Releases | 211 KB

CES Energy Solutions Corp. Announces Q1 2021 Results

 

April 15, 2021
News Releases | 147 KB

CES Energy Solutions Corp. provides Q1 Conference Call Details


 

March 11, 2021
News Releases | 290 KB

CES Energy Solutions Corp. Announces 2020 Results

 

February 18, 2021
News Releases | 147 KB

CES Energy Solutions Corp. provides Q4 Conference Call Details

 









Corporate OverviewCES trades on the TSX under the symbol CEU and is quoted in the United States on the OTC under the symbol CESDF.
CES has evolved into an industry leader through a combination of organic growth initiatives and strategic acquisitions since its initial public offering in March 2006. Organic growth has come through increased market penetration with its knowledgeable sales and field staff while innovative solutions are constantly being developed by our R&D group to meet customers’ needs. CES has acquired companies in both the US and Canada that had a leadership position in their local market, were strategically located and shared CES’s approach to customer service.CLICK HERE >> 




Notice and AccessCES Energy Solutions Management Information Circular and Proxy StatementREAD MORE >> 


 





OperationsServicing the North American oil and natural gas industry, CES is a leading provider of technically advanced consumable chemical solutions throughout the life-cycle of the o...READ MORE >> 



Investor RelationsWhy invest in CES?
Our Track Record: Through our entrepreneurial culture and customer focus, we have successfully grown CES into a vertica...READ MORE >> 




CareersThere are currently no job postings available, please check back later. 


 







© 2021 CES Energy Solutions Corp.


Home
Operations
Investor Relations
Technologies
Careers
 












INVESTOR RELATIONS
Conditions for Viewing this Site
CES Energy Solutions maintains this internet site for information purposes only. This internet site is not intended to constitute an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. Information disclosed under the corporate and securities laws of Canadian jurisdictions applicable to CES Energy Solutions is not intended to be in any way qualified, amended, modified, substituted or supplemented by the information available in, through, or on this internet site. Please read the Legal Notice section of this internet site before you proceed. Due to the technical and security risks inherent with the use of the internet, and because the document you access may differ from the original depending on your browser software, the information set out in this site should not be used for the purpose of making decisions with respect to the securities of CES Energy Solutions. If you are contemplating trading in CES Energy Solutions. securities, you should contact us to obtain printed copies of the documents you wish to review, or access them through the SEDAR website at www.sedar.com.
Your use of this internet site is in itself acceptance of the terms and conditions regarding use, as stated in the Legal Notice.
I Agree






You are now leaving CES Energy Solutions Corp. website. Please be advised that CES does not control the relevance, timeliness or accuracy of materials produced by other organizations, nor does it endorse their views, products or services.

Continue
Close




Subscribe to News ReleasesReceive CEU:TO News Releases in your inbox 

No Thanks

SubscribeManage consent




Close






Privacy Overview 
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								Necessary							


Necessary

Always Enabled 


Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
CookieDurationDescriptioncookielawinfo-checbox-analytics11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics".cookielawinfo-checbox-functional11 monthsThe cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional".cookielawinfo-checbox-others11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.






								Functional							


Functional
 


Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.







								Performance							


Performance
 


Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.







								Analytics							


Analytics
 


Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.







								Advertisement							


Advertisement
 


Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.







								Others							


Others
 


Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.













SAVE & ACCEPT










 


HomeCorporateOperations

Divisons Drilling Fluids Production Chemicals Transportation & Logistics Environmental Services Laboratory Services ISO9001
Investor Relations

News Releases Presentations Financials

Quarterly Statements and MD&A Annual Statements and MD&A Annual Information Form Archive of Quarterly Earnings Call 
 Shareholders

Dividend Information Tax Information Analyst Coverage Information Circular 
 Governance

Board of Directors Compliance Hotline and Whistleblower Policy 
 Media
Technologies

Drilling Fluids – Products Drilling Fluids – Systems Fracturing and Stimulation Production Chemicals H2S Scavengers
CareersDisclaimerContact
















