








Aleafia Health | Official Site






















































Skip to content






About

About Aleafia Health
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors
Executive Management


Investors

Investor Information
Press Releases
Investor FAQ
Analyst Coverage
Cannabis News & Media
Financials & Events
Share Information


Innovation
Brands

Emblem
Symbl


Education
Clinics
 








 





                    SCIENCE SEEDING WELLNESS                

We are Aleafia Health. We improve lives by consistently delivering and innovating cannabis health and wellness products and services.


                        Watch our manifesto                                                    









































Our world class production ecosystem is integrated through the entire cannabis production ecosystem. It combines low-cost cultivation, high-margin production of differentiated cannabis derivative products, and industry-leading same-day delivery from our Toronto-area distribution centre. This world class cannabis infrastructure is built for scale and growth globally. 







INNOVATIONCENTRE 







OUTDOOR CULTIVATION 







HYBRID GREENHOUSE 







DISTRIBUTION CENTRE 








We Grow to Provide the World’s Best Health & Wellness Consumer Cannabis Experience Possible
Aleafia Health’s integrated science and data approach drives our transformational purpose of excellence for the consumer cannabis experience.






With Canada’s largest cannabis medical clinical network, we continuously optimize health and wellness so individuals can live their best life. Aleafia Health is committed to being the world leader in providing physician lead innovation of cannabis health and wellness care based on data, research and experience. 


                        Visit Medical Clinics                    




This acquisition creates a global market leader in cannabis health & wellness, driving shareholder value through numerous synergies. Combined, this medical cannabis leader will have renowned national brands, a robust footprint in value-added products and international growth opportunities.


                        Emblem Acquisition                    




We're leveraging our extensive cannabis patient experience and professional expertise to deliver interactive courseware, gamification, and certifications for the global community.  We work to ensure the global community engages responsibly on cannabis health and wellness.


                        Cannabis Education                    
















Aleafia Health has been named the TMX Group’s 2019 TSX Venture 50 top performing company of the year amongst all 2,000 TSX Venture Exchange listed companies. The award was based on three equally weighted criteria, market capitalization growth, share price appreciated and trading volume.  This is the first time a cannabis company has achieved top performing status. Honours


                        Press Release                    




Aleafia Health’s first international expansion is through a strategic investment in Australia’s CannaPacific. With 10% equity investment in licensed cannabis cultivator with projected 108,000 sq. ft. greenhouse. Aleafia Health will assist CannaPacific in the establishment of dedicated medical cannabis clinics, with shared expertise across patient treatment and education, physician recruitment and training, treatment best practices and clinic operations


                        Read Article                    




Aleafia Health has entered the fast-growing German medical cannabis Market with a Supply & Distribution Joint-Venture with pharmaceutical wholesaler Acnos Pharma GmbH. The JV will see Aleafia Health leverage Acnos’ robust supply chain network with access to 20,000 pharmacies and will see Aleafia Health ship its branded medical cannabis products to Germany for distribution.


                        Press Release                    




Aleafia Campus Labs has partnered with both Guided 420 Genetics and AKESOgen on a first of its kind cannabis related pharmacogenomics study.


                        Press Release                    




First of its Kind Study Published in Peer-Reviewed Journal, “Cannabis and Cannabinoid Research” Authors Leveraged Aleafia’s 10 Million Point Medical Cannabis Dataset


                        Press Release                    




CEO Geoffrey Benic shares details of the company’s 2019 plans and believes investors are beginning to see the potential of Aleafia’s merger with Emblem Corp.


                        Press Release                    



















Subscribe to receive news and information from Aleafia Health







 By subscribing, I accept the Terms of Service & Privacy Policy, and I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.





x
Thank you for subscribing


x














Get the latest Aleafia Health investor updates - subscribe now

 Email 





















Get the latest Aleafia Health investor updates - subscribe now

 First Name 



 Last Name 



 Email 



 Phone 










 By subscribing, I accept the Terms of Service & Privacy Policy, and I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.



x
Thank you for subscribing









Careers
Cannabis News & Media
Contact Us
 





















                                    Become a Patient                                







Facebook




Twitter




Instagram




LinkedIn






Aleafia Health Inc. © 2021
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
 




 















