






	Home | Bausch Health
















































About Us
Who We Are
Our Mission, Vision and Values
Executive Management Team
Board of Directors
Our Locations
Contact Us
Charitable Requests




Products
Eye Health
Gastrointestinal
Dermatology Products/Aesthetics Devices
Generics, Neurology and Other
Dentistry
Consumer Health
U.S. Product List


R & D
Our Pipeline


Responsibility
The Bausch Foundation
2020 Bausch Foundation Report


U.S. Health Care Compliance
Payments to U.S. Health Care Professionals
U.S. Grants
Declaration of Compliance
U.S. Health Care Compliance Policy


U.S. Assistance Programs
Patient Assistance Programs
Grants and Investigator-Initiated Studies


U.S. Supplier Diversity
Submitting a Supplier Diversity Profile


Safety Data Sheets
CSR Report
CSR REPORT (SEPT. 2020)


Access to Clinical Study Data


Investors
NewsRoom
Our Perspective
News Releases


Careers
Working at Bausch Health
Benefits
Our U.S. Businesses
Job Search









Search



















Learn more about Bausch Health’s intention to spinoff its eye health business

















 
 
 







Delivering on our commitments

Bausch Health’s mission is to improve people’s lives with our health care products worldwide
More About Bausch Health»









Working at Bausch Health

Bausch Health is hiring dedicated and innovative team members who want to make a difference
See Careers»









A Commitment to Innovation

Investing for future growth
Read Our Perspective on Innovation»



















Our Perspective

 












 September 23, 2020
		


Bausch Health releases annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report
 Bausch Health is a company dedicated to innovation, advancing global health and improving people’s lives with our health care products...  Read more »








 September 10, 2020
		


Bausch Health launches inaugural Bausch Foundation Report
 When I joined Bausch Health in 2016, my vision was to help transform the organization into an innovative company dedicated to advancing global health... Read more »








 June 12, 2020
		


A message from our CEO, Joe Papa
 I am devastated by the events of the past two weeks. I, along with the Bausch Health leadership team, have been engaged in.. Read more »

















Latest Company News

 























Our mission: Improving people’s lives with our health care products
Learn more about our products.
See Our U.S. Product List»






NYSE:BHC



TSX:BHC





















Bausch Health Companies Inc.
2150 St. Elzéar Blvd. West
Laval, Quebec H7L 4A8
Canada
(800) 361-1448



CONTACT US 
LEGAL NOTICE 
PRIVACY POLICY

SITE MAP 

Use of this site signifies your agreement to the Legal Notice and Privacy Policy.
©2021 Bausch Health Companies Inc. All rights reserved. MTB.0230.USA.18 V2.0
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION















    says:   Thank you for visiting .By clicking OK, you will be taken to a third-party website or websites to which our Privacy Policy and other rules do not apply. Bausch Health does not have editorial control over the content of the information provided in such website(s) and therefore does not warrant or otherwise attest to their accuracy and completeness. You are solely responsible for your interactions with such website(s).  Ok Cancel   



















